---
title: Summary - A/D BNE 15
layout: post
permalink: analogue-digital-brisbane-2015
---


Due to travel and other circumstances, I haven’t attended an Analogue Digital conference since 2012. The whole setup has definitely improved and become more refined and I give a huge congratulations to Matthew Haynes and the team working tirelessly behind Analogue Digital. Analogue Digital has previously been an exciting, passionate-driven conference with lots of heart-felt talks given by real people. This year was no different. This post is dedicated to summarising the talks I saw as a reference post for me so I don’t forget what I saw and heard.

For The People’s Jason Little and Andy Wright started off with one of the more relevant and useful speeches of the entire conference. Much of their talk was directed at the younger members of the audience and with essential tips relating to getting into the industry, this talk was both entertaining and helpful.

The next talk that I attended was the incredibly talented Mad Steez who was humble and gifted as much as he was wacky and well-dressed. Hearing all of his adventures and seeing his incredible paintings go from blank wall to finished products in beautifully captured time lapses inspired me to make a bigger effort to document my processes and make my creative workflow a public asset. He also made me realise that while working from home is fun, I also need to embrace the opportunity of having a studio for my work, giving me the ability to also leave my work at the office. Madsteez was the first of many speakers to bring up the topic of doubt and vulnerability.

Next up was softly spoken Jack De Caluwe from Future Buro. Jack defined good design as having aesthetics, longevity and relevance and I think many of the more experienced designers in the room felt they couldn’t have said it better themselves. He delved into his process and described how much of his exploration phase is breaking ideas down into words (which was a relief to hear, because I thought I was the only creative that uses words not pictures to generate ideas). He also shared how he uses Wacom to design and combined with the Wacom Masterclass, I have a feeling there’ll be a new addition to my design setup in the near future.

I also really enjoyed Catherine Doggett and her take on the paper industry. ‘It’s not about what you spend, it’s about your return on investment’ was one of the better quotes for the entire conference. Catherine is not a designer by any means but she understands the importance of collaboration and pushing boundaries.

The duo Frank & Mimi and Matt Faulk closed the day and what a close. Frank & Mimi littered their talk with genuine passion and beautiful summaries of their process and who they are. They summed up their mantra as ‘Imperfection, Impermanance and Incompletion’ which in my opinion should be adopted by all artists to remove the perfectionism trait that haunts us all. What they coin as ‘Wabi Sabi’, allows them to approach all their work by not rushing and investing into their process. It is common for them to question the value of their work and they both agreed that while vulnerability and doubt are prevalent in their days, they manage to push through this by being relentless and continuing to do great work, regardless of their fear. They also gave heartfelt insights into creating work you hate and being able to admit you’ve created bad work. They closed with one final sentence - ‘Decisions shape your identity’ - which I felt was a gentle nudge in the right direction for all of the students in the audience, who want opportunities but haven’t yet been given them.

Matt Faulk. Matt Faulk. Matt Faulk. What can I say? Matt blew me away with his humble attitude and his rawness, describing highs and lows throughout his life and wrapping it all up in wisdom gained from being the industry for as long as he is. Often there is an air of arrogance with more senior designers and successful agencies, but Matt was honestly one of the more approachable professionals I’ve ever met and I really enjoyed his workshop the next day. It was with some satisfaction that I realised much of Matt’s process was already my own (self-taught) process and so I was really glad to hear confirmation that the way I work and the path I follow when creating is very similar to such a talented designer. Matt gave so many wonderful quotes and takeaways that I think I’ll write a separate post detailing what I learnt in his workshop and from his talk.

And for some parting wisdom, the venue was dotted with posters that summarised the days talks -

#### Give more. Take Less. Dream Big. Make an impact.